m9	has_actors	Raymond J. Barry
m4	has_genre	Romance
m23	has_actors	Sylvester Stallone
m19	has_genre	Comedy
m1	has_genre	Fantasy
m4	has_director	Forest Whitaker
m20	has_genre	Comedy
u4	has_rating	m24
m6	has_director	Michael Mann
m21	has_actors	John Travolta
m13	has_genre	Drama
m13	has_genre	Family
m22	has_actors	Sigourney Weaver
m19	has_actors	Simon Callow
m24	has_genre	Drama
m22	has_genre	Thriller
m20	has_actors	Jennifer Lopez
m19	has_director	Steve Oedekerk
m25	has_actors	Nicolas Cage
u5	has_rating	m6
m5	has_actors	Kimberly Williams-Paisley
m18	has_director	Quentin Tarantino
m24	has_actors	Brandon Smith
u3	has_rating	m5
m23	has_actors	Muse Watson
m3	has_genre	Romance
m14	has_genre	History
m24	has_genre	Thriller
m20	has_actors	Wesley Snipes
m8	has_genre	Family
m6	has_actors	Robert De Niro
m8	has_director	Peter Hewitt
m18	has_genre	Comedy
m14	has_genre	Biography
m15	has_actors	Patrick Malahide
m10	has_actors	Joe Don Baker
u3	has_rating	m16
m7	has_genre	Comedy
u5	has_rating	m4
m18	has_actors	Ione Skye
m7	has_actors	Harrison Ford
m6	has_actors	Jon Voight
m17	has_actors	Kate Winslet
m12	has_director	Mel Brooks
m15	has_actors	Geena Davis
m25	has_actors	Elisabeth Shue
m22	has_actors	Harry Connick Jr.
m7	has_actors	Greg Kinnear
m23	has_actors	Julianne Moore
m21	has_genre	Crime
m2	has_director	Joe Johnston
m21	has_genre	Thriller
u4	has_rating	m7
u5	has_rating	m18
m17	has_genre	Romance
m18	has_director	Robert Rodriguez
m14	has_actors	Joan Allen
m13	has_genre	History
m15	has_actors	Matthew Modine
u5	has_rating	m3
m8	has_genre	Romance
m4	has_actors	Loretta Devine
u5	has_rating	m15
m9	has_director	Peter Hyams
m12	has_actors	Peter MacNicol
m10	has_actors	Sean Bean
m1	has_actors	Wallace Shawn
m1	has_actors	Tim Allen
m2	has_genre	Family
m6	has_actors	Tom Sizemore
m10	has_genre	Adventure
m18	has_director	Chuck Jones
m15	has_genre	Comedy
m9	has_genre	Crime
m19	has_actors	Jim Carrey
m21	has_actors	Gene Hackman
m6	has_genre	Thriller
m1	has_director	John Lasseter
m16	has_genre	Crime
m4	has_actors	Gregory Hines
m22	has_director	Jon Amiel
m20	has_actors	Robert Blake
m9	has_actors	Powers Boothe
m8	has_genre	Western
m14	has_genre	Drama
m23	has_genre	Action
