m20	has_genre	Crime
m3	has_actors	Walter Matthau
m6	has_actors	Al Pacino
u5	has_rating	m8
m5	has_actors	Martin Short
m21	has_actors	Rene Russo
m11	has_genre	Comedy
m9	has_genre	Action
m1	has_genre	Adventure
m12	has_actors	Steven Weber
m5	has_genre	Comedy
m10	has_actors	Pierce Brosnan
m24	has_genre	Fantasy
m5	has_actors	Diane Keaton
m8	has_genre	Adventure
m14	has_director	Oliver Stone
m17	has_director	Ang Lee
m15	has_genre	Action
m18	has_director	Allison Anders
m4	has_actors	Lela Rochon
m17	has_actors	James Fleet
m17	has_actors	Tom Wilkinson
m5	has_genre	Family
m8	has_actors	Eric Schweig
m19	has_actors	Bob Gunton
m5	has_actors	George Newbern
m18	has_actors	Sammi Davis
m23	has_genre	Thriller
m1	has_genre	Family
m24	has_actors	Jeff Goldblum
m8	has_actors	Charles Rocket
m21	has_director	Barry Sonnenfeld
u4	has_rating	m20
m5	has_genre	Romance
m16	has_actors	Don Rickles
m2	has_actors	Jonathan Hyde
m3	has_genre	Comedy
m25	has_actors	Julian Sands
m9	has_genre	Thriller
m7	has_genre	Romance
m18	has_actors	Madonna
m8	has_actors	Jonathan Taylor Thomas
m1	has_actors	Jim Varney
m20	has_genre	Drama
m16	has_actors	Joe Pesci
m12	has_actors	Leslie Nielsen
m16	has_actors	James Woods
m3	has_actors	Ann-Margret
m3	has_actors	Sophia Loren
m13	has_actors	Bridget Fonda
m18	has_actors	Amanda De Cadenet
m14	has_actors	Bob Hoskins
m19	has_actors	Ian McNeice
m24	has_genre	Sci-Fi
u5	has_rating	m13
m21	has_genre	Comedy
m18	has_director	Alexandre Rockwell
m12	has_genre	Comedy
m11	has_actors	Annette Bening
m7	has_genre	Drama
m8	has_actors	Amy Wright
m11	has_actors	Anna Deavere Smith
u5	has_rating	m11
m11	has_actors	Michael J. Fox
m22	has_genre	Mystery
u5	has_rating	m10
m14	has_actors	Powers Boothe
m11	has_actors	Michael Douglas
m9	has_actors	Ross Malinger
m9	has_actors	Whittni Wright
m20	has_genre	Thriller
m17	has_actors	Emma Thompson
m5	has_director	Charles Shyer
m9	has_actors	Jean-Claude Van Damme
u4	has_rating	m22
m24	has_actors	Mary Steenburgen
m22	has_actors	William McNamara
m25	has_director	Mike Figgis
m2	has_genre	Adventure
u5	has_rating	m9
m23	has_director	Richard Donner
m17	has_genre	Drama
m13	has_actors	Phil Collins
m20	has_genre	Action
m13	has_director	Simon Wells
m6	has_genre	Drama
