u5	has_rating	m25
m12	has_actors	Lysette Anthony
m1	has_genre	Comedy
m15	has_actors	Frank Langella
m23	has_actors	Anatoli Davydov
m3	has_director	Howard Deutch
m13	has_genre	Adventure
m24	has_director	Victor Salva
m16	has_actors	Robert De Niro
m21	has_actors	Dennis Farina
m3	has_actors	Jack Lemmon
m8	has_actors	Brad Renfro
m25	has_actors	Steven Weber
m4	has_actors	Angela Bassett
m22	has_actors	Holly Hunter
m23	has_actors	Antonio Banderas
m6	has_genre	Crime
m24	has_genre	Mystery
m7	has_director	Sydney Pollack
m20	has_actors	Woody Harrelson
m14	has_actors	Ed Harris
m12	has_actors	Amy Yasbeck
m7	has_actors	John Wood
m20	has_actors	Chris Cooper
m21	has_actors	Danny DeVito
m22	has_actors	Dermot Mulroney
u3	has_rating	m23
m25	has_genre	Drama
m15	has_genre	Adventure
m6	has_actors	Val Kilmer
m3	has_actors	Burgess Meredith
m2	has_actors	Bradley Pierce
m4	has_genre	Drama
m10	has_director	Martin Campbell
m19	has_genre	Crime
u3	has_rating	m12
m25	has_genre	Romance
m2	has_actors	Kirsten Dunst
m15	has_actors	Maury Chaykin
m19	has_genre	Adventure
m16	has_director	Martin Scorsese
m8	has_genre	Drama
m4	has_actors	Whitney Houston
m18	has_actors	Valeria Golino
m11	has_genre	Drama
m11	has_director	Rob Reiner
m13	has_actors	Kevin Bacon
m15	has_director	Renny Harlin
m16	has_actors	Sharon Stone
m25	has_actors	Richard Lewis
m11	has_actors	Martin Sheen
m13	has_genre	Animation
m2	has_genre	Comedy
m10	has_actors	Izabella Scorupco
m20	has_director	Joseph Ruben
m2	has_actors	Bonnie Hunt
m1	has_actors	Tom Hanks
m2	has_genre	Fantasy
u5	has_rating	m21
m12	has_genre	Horror
m5	has_actors	Steve Martin
m4	has_genre	Comedy
m16	has_genre	Drama
u4	has_rating	m14
u3	has_rating	m17
u4	has_rating	m2
m24	has_actors	Lance Henriksen
m7	has_actors	Nancy Marchand
m14	has_actors	Anthony Hopkins
m1	has_actors	Don Rickles
m12	has_genre	Fantasy
u4	has_rating	m1
m10	has_genre	Thriller
m10	has_genre	Action
m8	has_genre	Comedy
m11	has_genre	Romance
m2	has_actors	Robin Williams
m1	has_genre	Animation
m7	has_actors	Julia Ormond
m23	has_genre	Crime
m24	has_actors	Sean Patrick Flanery
m17	has_actors	Harriet Walter
m10	has_actors	Famke Janssen
m13	has_actors	Jim Cummings
m13	has_actors	Bob Hoskins
u4	has_rating	m19
